Your cousin did feel wronged when she married me
But
We are very close as husband and wife
Don't bother you
You just bullied my cousin and didn't know it.
If I were him, I would have divorced you long ago
What does divorce mean?
It's you who divorced him
Cousin, divorce him and go to the sunset with me
I'll introduce you to a few more brick girls.
You're sure to charm a lot of people with your looks
Lili
How can you do that?
Don't talk about you
It's been like this for a lifetime
Not like my Prince Charming
Still waiting for me to go back at sunset
You see
This pocket watch is actually a token of love from him
Sister Xiaoting, I really want this too
Actually, I want to give you something
What about this watch?
I don't know what a token of love is
You take it first
watch
Where did you get the watch from?
Right.
I heard from Lili that this thing is very expensive.
I can't.
Oops daughter-in-law
This thing was given to me by a foreigner
It's worthless.
Don't burden it with your palms
Impossible. Who will make your watch?
You must have bought it with all your possessions
Don't try to fool me
sir
Is it true? Since you don't believe it?
Come open it and show them
Gadgets like this
I have a lot.
How could it possibly be worth anything?
Give it to Xiao He
Ask him to arrange a piece for each of his staff
And learn how to use it
Are you dreaming?
Xiaoping
This is for you.
Thank you sir
If I were a teenager too
There's certainly no shortage of this
Wu Tian, you ruined everything for me